Clarify snapshot incrementality (#65587)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/index.asciidoc

Google Cloud Storage,
and other platforms supported by a {plugins}/repository.html[repository plugin].

> Snapshots are taken incrementally: the snapshotting process only copies data to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{es} takes snapshots incrementally. The snapshotting process only copies data to
```

the repository that was not already copied there by an earlier snapshot,
avoiding unnecessary duplication of work or storage space. This means you can
safely take snapshots very frequently with minimal overhead. However, snapshots

> are also logically independent: deleting a snapshot does not affect the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are also logically independent. Deleting a snapshot does not affect the
```
